CAM-14285: document disabled remote access to h2 console (#1144)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/716-to-717/_index.md

The Administrator Authorization plugin configuration properties are integrated with Camunda Run. You can find them
in the [LDAP Adminstrator Authorization section]({{< ref "/user-guide/camunda-bpm-run.md#ldap-administrator-authorization" >}})
of the Camunda Run documentation. You can also find a template LDAP configuration in the Camunda Run `production.yml`.

# Disabled remote access to H2 console

> This set of patches deactivates remote access to the H2 console application in the Tomcat and Wildfly distributions. The H2 application accepts only localhost connections moving forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Camunda Platform 7.17.0 release deactivates remote access to the H2 console application in the Tomcat and Wildfly distributions. The H2 application accepts only localhost connections moving forward.
```

To restore remote access, add the following initialization parameter to the `org.h2.server.web.WebServlet` servlet defined in the `web.xml` file of the h2 web application:

```
<init-param>
  <param-name>webAllowOthers</param-name>
  <param-value>true</param-value>
</init-param>
```

> `web.xml` is located in the following paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the `web.xml` at the following paths:
```
